hey Dino fans today we are taking a
stroll down memory lane here are five
things that fuel the rivalry between the
houston dynamo and Sporting Kansas City
2006 the Houston Dynamo were a brand new
club coming off their first win over
Colorado but the kansas city wizards
decided to start this relationship by
coming to houston and handing the dynamo
their first-ever loss 2007 the whist
found themselves in the Western
Conference championship against the
Dynamo had on set shut down Eddie
Johnson for a 2-0 victory design will
win the conference and the 2007 mls cup
while the Wizards head home with broken
dreams you oughta wear that I am not
really I was 2011 the Dynamo and
Sporting Kansas City meet again in the
conference finals hoping for a different
result didn't change anything as the
Dynamo again shut out JC 20 to win
conference
2012 Sporting KC encountered the dynamo
in the conference semi-finals looking
for a playoff when / Houston Casey was
somewhat fortunate in finding a
different result using just 212 the
Dynamo who proceeded to when the eastern
conference 2013 the Dynamo are looking
to add to a 36 game home unbeaten streak
Sporting Kansas City came to Houston
determined to end that streak and the
Dynamo suffered their first loss at BBVA
Compass page houston screeches overall
the houston dynamo and Sporting KC meet
again this saturday in the Eastern
Conference final and hopefully Sporting
KC will keep their playoff tradition
alive thanks for squeezing is in bye
guys that's how winning is done
you